docs: add a section in sql-review to describe mybatis sql review (#910)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/sql-review/sql-advisor/gitops-ci.md

![vcs-sql-review-gitlab](/static/docs/vcs-integration/enable-gitops-workflow/vcs-sql-review-gitlab.webp)

And you can follow the doc [Create Schema Review Policy](/docs/sql-review/review-policy/create-schema-review-policy) to create the SQL review policy.

## MyBatis3 Mapper SQL Review CI - Beta

> After enabling SQL-Review CI, Bytebase will attempt to review MyBatis 3 mapper files. When the changed file includes a MyBatis 3 mapper files, Bytebase will search for a MyBatis3 config files in the same and parent directories and apply the SQL-Review policy from the Bytebase environment with the same name as the environment id in the config file to review the mapper file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling SQL-Review CI, Bytebase will attempt to review MyBatis 3 mapper files. When the changed file includes a MyBatis 3 mapper files, Bytebase will search for a MyBatis3 config files in the same and parent directories. Once found, Bytebase will match the **environment id** in the config file with the *environment name** in Bytebase. If there is a matching environment, Bytebase will apply that environment's SQL Review policy.

```
